hey everybody what's going on today
let's take a quick look at this 2006 to
60s and this is going to be a brief look
at the 6:00 to 6:00
start up show the engine go over the
performance data and show you a bunch of
the features on the interior as well as
exterior and today I'm at all City Auto
Sales in Indian Trail North Carolina so
without further ado let's get started up
and let it run
it's a white exterior with tan leather
interior seventy-nine thousand miles
nup add leather wrap steering wheel has
your cruise control automatic
transmission with overdrive another neat
little feature about these Mazdas are
the power oscillating vents when engaged
the two vents in the center oscillate
around the vehicle to circulate air
whether center console
our outlet
CD player very attractive interior color
warm and appealing reading lamps power
windows locks power mirrors automatic
driver's side padded door panel inserts
door light with chrome accent trunk
release very comfortable leather bucket
seats they're both manual
Plus rear seating as well set our
cupholders storage the vehicle also
comes equipped with side airbags
just got a small belt squeak rear
spoiler
straight body panels
this six to six comes with a 2-liter
dual overhead cam 16-valve 4-cylinder
now let's go and see how it sounds
motor sounds great
good-sized trunk space vehicles mats
seats also fold by pressing a button on
the back just pulling it forward
let's go shut it down Oh guys I hope you
enjoyed this brief look at the 2000
Mazda 626
es be sure to stay tuned next time was a
lot more that came from take care of
your body